 4tormat- Assistive Technology Products AudioComm Module ADA compliant sound processor and headset interface for audible and speech communication. The AudioComm Module is an accessible interface device providing high quality audio output to personal headsets, handsets or assistive hearing devices. It also features voice over USB capability via a headset microphone. Ideal for use with audible system navigation and voice activated applications, this device delivers clear, two way, audio communications in either high or low ambient noise conditions. It is robust and weather sealed for use in exposed public environments. Integral illumination of the headset jack socket and sound volume controls assist users with partial sight to locate the AudioComm Module. Embossed symbols (idents) make tactile location and identification of the headset jack socket and volume controls easier for blind users. Control switches are designed to enable operation with headsticks and other assistive styli. R16. 0 • USB key-press codes can be changed or re-assigned 50.0 CLEARANCE ON M3 WELD STUD 25.0 using the Device Utility Software and API (available for download at storm-interface.com). • Default illumination status and device 'wake-up' behaviour can be configured via the Device Utility Software and API. • Intensity of the integral backlighting can be adjusted or turned off when not in use via the Device Utility Software and API. • Headset connection is detected via a tip switch located in the jack plug socket. • Weather resistant construction for outdoor use. • Impact and abuse resistant. • The AudioComm Module is connected to the host system via a single USB cable (supplied separately). No additional drivers required. AudioComm Module AudioComm Module USB (Vertical) - Silver AudioComm Module USB (Horizontal) - Silver AudioComm Module USB (Vertical) - Black AudioComm Module USB (Horizontal) - Black USB Cable - Angled Mini-B to B, 0.9m long Part Numbers AT02-43001 AT02-430H1 AT02-53001 AT02-530H1 4500-01 Storm Assistive Technology Products provide improved system accessibility for those with impaired vision, restricted mobility, limited dexterity or reading difficulties. Performance Vibration & Shock: Impact Resistance: Certification: EMC: FCC: ESD Immunity: EN 301-549 / ADA: Environmental Operational Temperature: Weather Resistance: Specification Rating: Connection: Audio: ETSI 5M3 IK09 (10J Rating) CE / FCC / UL 55032 Class B (Emissions) 550 55024 (Immunity) 47CFR15 Class B (Emissions) 15kV Contact and Air Compliant -20°C to +70°C (dry) IP65 (when panel mounted) 5V + 0. 25V (USB 2. 0) Mini USB B Socket 3.5mm Audio Jack Socket (Illuminated) For more information & to order: www.storm-interface.com Storm, ATP, Storm Interface, Audio Comms Module are trademarks of Keymat Technology Ltd. this product includes proprietary technology and intellectual property retained by Keymat Technology Ltd (trading as Starm Interface). All rights reserved erved. Whilst every effort is made to AT02 Mar 2019 to ensure details are correct at time Designed & produced by NIK Design Lid of print, specifications are subject sikdesign.co.uk enot to change without not € KIOSK MANUFACTURER ASSO tion PM