 NUP4114 Series APPLICATIONS INFORMATION The new NUP4114 is a low capacitance ESD diode array designed to protect sensitive electronics such as communications systems, computers, and computer peripherals against damage due to ESD events or transient overvoltage conditions, Because of its low capacitance, can be used în high speed I/O data lines, The integrated design of the NUP4114 offers low capacitance steering diodes and an ESD diode integrated in a single package (TSOP-6). If a transient condition occurs, the steering diodes will drive the transient to the positive rail of the power supply or to ground. This device protects the power line against overvoltage conditions to avoid damage to the power supply and any downstream components, NUP4114 Configuration Options Option 2 Protection of four data lines with bias and power supply isolation resistor. I/O 1 I/O 2 30 I/O 4 0 12 13 51 21 Vcc 10 k The NUP4114 is able to protect up to four data lines against transient overvoltage conditions by driving them to a fixed reference point for clamping purposes. The steering diodes will be forward biased whenever the voltage on the protected line exceeds the reference voltage (Vi or Vcc + Vf). The diodes will force the transient current to bypass the sensitive circuit. Data lines are connected at pins 1, 3, 4 and 6. The negative reference is connected at pin 2. This pin must be connected directly to ground by using a ground plane to minimize the PCB's ground înductance. It is very important to reduce the PCB trace lengths as much as possible to minimize parasitic inductances, The NUP4114 can be isolated from the power supply by connecting a series resistor between pin 5 and Vcc. A 10 resistor is recommended for this application. This will maintain a bias on the internal ESD and steering diodes, reducing their capacitance. Option 3 Protection of four data lines using the intemal ESD diode as reference. VO 1 0 VO 2 Option 1 GI- Pro Protection of four data lines and the power supply using Vo Vcc as reference. 50 NG I/O 1 0 I/O 20 o 41 61 30- VO 4 0 30 I/O 4 0 13 51 41 In applications lacking a positive supply reference or those cases in which a fully isolated power supply is required, the intemal SSD can be used as the reference. For these applications, pin 5 is not connected. In this configuration, the steering diodes will conduct whenever the voltage on the protected line exceeds the working voltage of the ESD plus one diode drop (Vc = Vf+ Vesd). For this configuration, connect pin 5 directly to the positive supply rail (Vcc), the data lines are referenced to the supply voltage, The internal ESD diode prevents overvoltage on the supply rail, Biasing of the steering diodes reduces their capacitance. ESD Protection of Power Supply Lines When using diodes for data line protection, referencing to a supply rail provides advantages, Biasing the diodes reduces their capacitance and minimizesignal distortion, www.ongemi.com 5