 NUP4114 Series Implementing this topology with discrete devices does have disadvantages. This configuration is shown below: layout. Taking care to minimize the effects of parasitic inductance will provide significant benefits in transient immunity, Power Supply Protected Data Line Device Vcc D2 VF + Vcc IESDneg Even with good board layout, some disadvantages are still present when discrete diodes are used to suppress ESD events across datalines and the supply rail. Discrete diodes with good transient power capability will have larger die and therefore higher capacitance, This capacitance becomes problematic as transmission frequencies increase, Reducing capacitance generally requires reducing die size. These small die will have higher forward voltage characteristics at typical ESD transient current levels. This voltage combined with the smaller die can result în device failure, -VF Looking at the figure above, it can be seen that when a positive ESD condition occurs, diode D1 will be forward biased while diode D2 will be forward biased when a negative ESD condition occurs. For slower transient conditions, this system may be approximated as follows: The ON Semiconductor NUP4114 was developed to overcome the disadvantages encountered when using discrete diodes for ESD protection, This device integrates an ESD diode within a network of steering diodes. For positive pulse conditions; V. = Voc + Vrd1 For negative pulse conditions: V. = - Vrd2 ESD events can have rise times on the order of some number of nanoseconds. Under these conditions, the effect of parasitic inductance must be considered. A pictorial representation of this is shown below. Figure 7. NUP4114 Equivalent Circuit Power Supply During an ESD condition, the ESD current will be driven to ground through the ESD diode as shown below. Vac Protected Device Data Line D1 Power Supply D2 Vc = Vcc + Vf + (LdiESD/dt) D1 Protected Device Data Line Vc = -Vf - (L diESD/dt) An approximation of the clamping voltage for these fast D2 transients would be; For positive pulse conditions; 1 Vc = Voc + Vf + (L diesn/dt) For negative pulse conditions: The resulting clamping voltage on the protected IC will V. = -Vf- (L dieso/dt) As shown în the formulas, the clamping voltage (Vo) not only depends on the Vf of the steering diodes but also on the L diesp/dt factor. A relatively small trace inductance can result in hundreds of volts appearing on the supply rail. This endangers both the power supply and anything attached to that rail. This highlights the importance of good board be: Ve = Vf + Vesd. The clamping voltage of the ESD diode depends on the magnitude of the ESD current. The steering diodes are fast switching devices with unique forward voltage amd low capacitance characteristics, www.ongemi.com 6